Fix display issues with Testing releases on What's New and Releases index (#19016)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/releases/index.md

      Determine if the major version is LTS and the patch component of the initial LTS patch,
      or the major version is a skippable innovation release
    {% endcomment %}
    {% assign released = false %}
    {% assign has_lts_releases = false %}
    {% assign lts_link_linux = '' %}
    {% assign lts_patch = nil %}
    {% assign in_lts = false %}
    {% assign comparison = nil %}
    {% assign skippable = false %}

>     {% if v.release_date != "N/A" and v.maint_supp_exp_date != "N/A" %}

Author: It's an extra check to make sure something is not off with the metadata that determines support. I can't. check `asst_supp_exp_date` like we used to, because innovation releases remain at `N/A` for that field.

>     {% if v.release_date != "N/A" and v.maint_supp_exp_date != "N/A" %}

Reviewer: SGTM. We're on the same page that it's an extra check. Can't hurt / can only help.

    skippable: {{ skippable }}<br /><br />
{% endif %}

{% if released == false %}

> CockroachDB {{ page.major_version }} is in active development and is not yet supported. The following [testing releases]({% link releases/index.md %}#release-types) are intended for testing and experimentation only, and are not qualified for production environments or eligible for support or uptime SLA commitments. When CockroachDB {{ page.major_version }} is Generally Available (GA), production releases will also be announced on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CockroachDB {{ page.major_version }} is in active development and is not yet supported. The following [testing releases]({% link releases/index.md %}#patch-releases) are intended for testing and experimentation only, and are not qualified for production environments or eligible for support or uptime SLA commitments. When CockroachDB {{ page.major_version }} is Generally Available (GA), production releases will also be announced on this page.
```

There's a lot to get through in the subheading `Release types > Major releases` which is not really relevant, so I figure it's better to link directly to `Release types > Patch releases`, which has the definitions of Production and Testing releases.

Author: This is the main fix in this PR -- previously v24.3 was reporting that it was GA because of a bug. This fixes that bug and puts back the legal limiting languages about test releases that was already there. I don't want to imply on a What's New page for a testing release that it is supported in any way, so I don't think this PR is the right place to remove this. This is the place where they are downloading a Testing release and reading its release notes. WDYT?

Reviewer: This is just a suggested update to the anchor on the link. Assuming you misinterpreted, please take another look? (Or let me know if I'm missing anything.) TY
